[Music]
[Applause]
eight all-natural ways to keep
mosquitoes away
what do camping hiking or just going for
a stroll on a hot summer day all have in
common
yeah these are all outdoor activities
but they can all also be ruined by
mosquitoes instead of reaching for more
chemical sprays why not give these
all-natural yet super effective mosquito
repellents a try before you learn all
about them click that subscribe button
and ring the notification bell to stay
updated here on the bright side number
one
lavender oil lavender doesn't only smell
and look nice it's also known to be
extremely helpful against mosquitoes its
ultimate secret is that it's highly
concentrated and contains essential
volatile oils including an alcohol
called vinyl or that naturally protects
the lavender from insects and that's why
mosquitoes hate lavender so much a 2009
study published in the Journal of vector
ecology even showed that line of little
diffusers are 93 percent effective
indoors and 58 percent effective
outdoors when it comes to keeping
mosquitoes away to see these amazing
effects for yourself apply a few drops
of lavender oil on your skin rub it in
and go on with your day it'll take care
of any nearby mosquitoes while
nourishing your skin and keeping and
healthy-looking as a bonus if you have
mosquitoes at home spray lavender oil in
your bedroom or use any lavender scented
room freshener you can find you can also
grow lavender in your yard to make sure
mosquitoes stay away from your house
number 2
tea tree oil while we're on the topic of
oils let's talk about another essential
ingredient in fighting mosquitoes tea
tree oil this type of oil contains a
powerful combination of antiseptic
antimicrobial and anti inflammatory
properties a study that was published in
the australian journal of entomology in
2010 showed that repellents which
contained tea tree oil are exceptionally
effective against mosquitoes
one of the most common ways to use it is
to soak ribbons in tea tree oil and hang
them around your windows and doors to
prevent mosquitoes from even entering
the house and according to the american
college of healthcare sciences tea tree
oil can also help get rid of irritation
if you already got bitten just apply the
oil directly to the affected area and
you'll instantly feel relief ah give it
a couple of hours and the bite will
disappear completely
number three vanilla even though the
smell of vanilla is really pleasant to
us mosquitoes can't stand it so as
always all you have to do is make an all
natural vanilla spray whenever you're
about to go hiking beat up with some
friends outside or go for a stroll
outdoors makes two teaspoons of vanilla
with one cup of water put the mixture
into a spray bottle and spray yourself
with it you can also take it with you to
stay protected at all times not only
will you smell nice but your natural
body odor will be masked so that no
mosquito can detect you the same thing
goes for your yard garden and home if
you notice a mosquito spray this vanilla
water mix and a couple minutes later
that buzzing little bugger will be gone
for good just make sure that the vanilla
you picked from the store is pure and
doesn't contain any additional sugar or
alcohol otherwise it won't give you the
results you're looking for number four
black pepper
here's yet another natural mosquito
repellent that you probably have in your
kitchen right now black pepper protects
your body from mosquitoes flies and
other insects thanks to something called
picaridin but keratin is actually a
chemical that can be found in the plants
that are used to produce black pepper in
the first place
this component allows you to cover your
natural smell so that it won't be on any
mosquitoes radar just remember that
black pepper can't actually kill
mosquitoes in your home it just assures
that they won't bite you so if that's
what you're looking for just apply a bit
of black pepper oil to your skin and
there you go make sure not to put too
much of it on though as picaridin can
cause skin irritation that's why you
should do a patch test on your wrist and
wait for about 30 minutes to check if
it's safe for you if everything's fine
then you're good to go
number five apple cider vinegar apple
cider vinegar is a truly multi-purpose
remedy that can help you with just about
any possible problem including
mosquitoes it's not uncommon to have it
at home so next time your place is under
attack by these annoying little bugs
make your own apple cider vinegar
repellent spray to scare them away put
water and apple cider vinegar in equal
proportions in your spray bottle spray
on places where insects normally gather
and wait for the results the next
morning all the mosquitoes will be long
gone you can also add a few drops of
essential oils like eucalyptus or lemon
oil to double the effect of this
homemade spray if you're going outside
rub some apple cider vinegar on the open
areas of your bodies to keep mosquitoes
off of you there's one more interesting
detail here though some experts claim
that if you put a bit of apple cider in
your meals regularly you'll naturally
develop a body odor that repulses
insects mosquitoes included whether or
not that's true or if you're willing to
change your own natural scent one thing
is certain apple cider vinegar is
definitely one of the strongest natural
mosquito repellents out there
in the number-6 soapy water soapy water
isn't easy to make and pretty tricky
anti mosquito remedy since they're
usually very attracted to it but this is
exactly why you can use it to your
advantage whether you're having a picnic
outside or just want to get the
mosquitoes out of your house for good
place a plate with soapy water nearby
after a few minutes you'll notice
mosquitos getting trapped in the bubbles
and drowning however the efficiency of
this trick depends on how much soap you
use as well the higher the concentration
the quicker mosquitoes will die if
you're more into sprays just use a soap
water spray it's also known to be highly
effective against mosquitoes ants
roaches and other insects number seven
mint like vanilla the strong fresh aroma
of mint is another thing that most of us
love and absolutely all mosquitoes hate
researchers from the department of
entomology at iowa state university
studied the repellent properties of
extracts from different plants including
mint at the end of the study mints
showed an impressively high percentage
of repellency against mosquitoes here
you have several equally great options
starting with simply consuming mint
leaves don't go too crazy with it though
just one mint leaf after a meal will
keep mosquitoes away another effective
method is of course applying mint oil
directly to your skin
growing cement in your garden can also
be a good solution against mosquitoes
while also providing you with a healthy
natural addition to your diet and
finally there's always a mint spray or
some mint oil into a bottle and spray
away after all these steps mosquitoes
certainly won't want to come back
[Music]
number eight garlic
now here's an odor that both people and
mosquitoes can't stand well and vampires
too I guess one of the easiest ways to
make sure that mosquitoes will never fly
in your direction is to eat some garlic
the thing is when you consume at least
one clove garlic oil eventually releases
from your pores creating a powerful
barrier between your skin and mosquitoes
even more so one of garlic's active
components is Alison and it slightly
changes your natural scent protecting
you from being detected by mosquitoes if
you don't want to eat the stuff you can
also rub some garlic scented lotion on
your skin or use a garlic spray on your
body your home or your yard and it's
pretty easy to make to just blend garlic
with one of the essential oils from this
list like lavender or tea tree oil when
put together this potent combo will
create an odor no mosquito will want to
come anywhere near do you know any other
quick and easy tricks to keep mosquitoes
at bay let everybody know down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]